readme.md, before:

# Day1:STL(Standard Template Libararies.)
# Day2:Two Pointers in C++
# Day3:Prefix and Suffix Sum, Kadane's Algorithm, Equal between 2 Array
# Day4: Trapping Rain Water, 3 SUM , 4 SUM
# Day5: Introduction to 2D Array in C++
# Day6: 2D Array Interview question , Wave Form , Spiral Matrix , Transpose Matrix
# Day7: Rotate Image, Rotate by 90degree, Rotate matrix Element Clockwise , Rote matrix 180 degree
# Day8: Binary Serach In 2D Array , Searhc in a sorted row and col wise Matrix
# Day9: Majority Elements , Count Frequency of element , Find Missing and Repeating elements
# Day10: Introduction to String in C++
# Day11: String Interview Problem Solving
# Day12: Longest Palindrome , Sorting the Sentence
# Day13: Strings Interview Problems on LeetCode Add Strings and Sort Vowels in a String
# Day14:  Factorial of Large Number , Integer to Roman , Roman to Integer
# Day15: Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters & Smallest Distinct Window
# Day16: KMP Algorithm , Longest Prefix Suffix Sum.
# Day17: String Matching , Kmp 
# Day18: String Hard Question Min Chars to Add for Palindrome , Repeated String Match 
# Day19: Introduction to Pointers
# Day20: Pointers Relationship with array , Arithmetic Pointers
# Day21: Pointer in Character , Array , Functions
# Day22: Double Pointer , Multiple Pointers and some problems.
# Day23: Memory Allocation , Static and Dynamic Memory Allocation.
# Day24: Memory Allocation in 2D and 3D Array
# Day25: Introduction to Recursion
# Day26: How to solve recursion problems from 4 different methods
# Day27: Factorial sum , Sum of square using , sum of n numbers , power of numbers recursion 
# Day28: Recursion Problem on Leetcode.
# Day29: Recursion in Array.
# Day30: Recursion in String.
# Day31: Recursion in Binary Search.
# Day32: Time and Space Complexity in Recursion.
# Day33: Merge Sort Algorithm.
# Day34: Quick Sort Algorithm.
# Day35: Recursion on Subsequence , Print All Subsequence , Generate Parentheses
# Day36: Recursion Subset Sum and Target Sum
# Day37: Recursion Perfect Sum Problem and Target Sum with repetition.
# Day38: Recursion Permutation with array and String.
# Day39: Recursion Permutation with Repitition and Way to sum N.
# Day40: Recursion Tower Of Hanoi Problem Code part and dry run.
# Day41: Josephus Problem Predict the Winner
# Day42: Recursion Rat in a Maze Problem 
# Day43: Recursion - Print N-bit Binary Numbers Having More 1s than 0s
# Day44: Object-Oriented Programming in C++ (Classes, Getter/Setter, Padding, Memory Allocation)
# Day45: Constructor and Destructor in C++
# Day46: Oops Static data member and Member function , Encapsulation , Abstraction
# Day47: Access Modiefier(public , private , protected) , Inheritance , Derived Class.
# Day48: Types Of Inheritance Single , Multi Level , Multiple , Hierarchical , Hybrid , Multipath Inheritance.
# Day49: Polymorphism , Function Overloading , Operator Overloading and Virtual Function
# Day50: Exception Handling in C++
# Day51: File Handling in C++
# Day52:  Introduction To Linked List Traversal and Insertion in a Linked List

Commit message:

Deletion In Singly Linked Listand Deletion in Constant Time

readme.md, after:

# Day1:STL(Standard Template Libararies.)
# Day2:Two Pointers in C++
# Day3:Prefix and Suffix Sum, Kadane's Algorithm, Equal between 2 Array
# Day4: Trapping Rain Water, 3 SUM , 4 SUM
# Day5: Introduction to 2D Array in C++
# Day6: 2D Array Interview question , Wave Form , Spiral Matrix , Transpose Matrix
# Day7: Rotate Image, Rotate by 90degree, Rotate matrix Element Clockwise , Rote matrix 180 degree
# Day8: Binary Serach In 2D Array , Searhc in a sorted row and col wise Matrix
# Day9: Majority Elements , Count Frequency of element , Find Missing and Repeating elements
# Day10: Introduction to String in C++
# Day11: String Interview Problem Solving
# Day12: Longest Palindrome , Sorting the Sentence
# Day13: Strings Interview Problems on LeetCode Add Strings and Sort Vowels in a String
# Day14:  Factorial of Large Number , Integer to Roman , Roman to Integer
# Day15: Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters & Smallest Distinct Window
# Day16: KMP Algorithm , Longest Prefix Suffix Sum.
# Day17: String Matching , Kmp 
# Day18: String Hard Question Min Chars to Add for Palindrome , Repeated String Match 
# Day19: Introduction to Pointers
# Day20: Pointers Relationship with array , Arithmetic Pointers
# Day21: Pointer in Character , Array , Functions
# Day22: Double Pointer , Multiple Pointers and some problems.
# Day23: Memory Allocation , Static and Dynamic Memory Allocation.
# Day24: Memory Allocation in 2D and 3D Array
# Day25: Introduction to Recursion
# Day26: How to solve recursion problems from 4 different methods
# Day27: Factorial sum , Sum of square using , sum of n numbers , power of numbers recursion 
# Day28: Recursion Problem on Leetcode.
# Day29: Recursion in Array.
# Day30: Recursion in String.
# Day31: Recursion in Binary Search.
# Day32: Time and Space Complexity in Recursion.
# Day33: Merge Sort Algorithm.
# Day34: Quick Sort Algorithm.
# Day35: Recursion on Subsequence , Print All Subsequence , Generate Parentheses
# Day36: Recursion Subset Sum and Target Sum
# Day37: Recursion Perfect Sum Problem and Target Sum with repetition.
# Day38: Recursion Permutation with array and String.
# Day39: Recursion Permutation with Repitition and Way to sum N.
# Day40: Recursion Tower Of Hanoi Problem Code part and dry run.
# Day41: Josephus Problem Predict the Winner
# Day42: Recursion Rat in a Maze Problem 
# Day43: Recursion - Print N-bit Binary Numbers Having More 1s than 0s
# Day44: Object-Oriented Programming in C++ (Classes, Getter/Setter, Padding, Memory Allocation)
# Day45: Constructor and Destructor in C++
# Day46: Oops Static data member and Member function , Encapsulation , Abstraction
# Day47: Access Modiefier(public , private , protected) , Inheritance , Derived Class.
# Day48: Types Of Inheritance Single , Multi Level , Multiple , Hierarchical , Hybrid , Multipath Inheritance.
# Day49: Polymorphism , Function Overloading , Operator Overloading and Virtual Function
# Day50: Exception Handling in C++
# Day51: File Handling in C++
# Day52: Introduction To Linked List Traversal and Insertion in a Linked List
# Day52: Deletion In Singly Linked Listand Deletion in Constant Time.
